
Young Money.
Ya Dig.
Mack, I'm going in.
.
A millionaire, I'm a young money millionaire.
Tougher than Nigerian hair.
My criteria compared to your career this isn't fair.
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed.
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet.
In my mind 'cause I don't write shit, 'cause I ain't got time.
'Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar.
And the almighty power of that ch, ch, ch, ch chopper.
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father mothafuck a coppa.
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge pussy poppin'.
Tell the coppers hahahaha you can't catch 'em, you can't stop 'em.
I go by them goon rules if you can't beat 'em then you pop 'em.
You can't man 'em then you mop 'em,.
You can't stand 'em then you drop 'em,.
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher!.
Motherfucker I'm ill.
.
A million here, a million there.
Sicilian bitch with long hair.
With coke in the derrière.
Like smoke in the thinnest air.
I open the Lamborghini hopin' them crackers see me.
Like look at that bastard weezy.
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a motherfucking problem.
OK, you're a goon but what's a goon to a goblin?.
Nothing, nothing -- you ain't scarin' nothing.
On some faggot bullshit call him Dennis Rodman.
Call me what you want bitch, call me on my sidekick.
Never answer when it's private, damn I hate a shy bitch.
Don't you hate a shy bitch?.
Yeah I ate a shy bitch.
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to my bitch.
Hahahaha, yeah, nigga that's my bitch.
So when she ask for the money, when you through don't be surprised bitch.
It ain't trickin' if you got it.
But you like a bitch with no ass, you ain't got shit.
Motherfucker I'm ill, not sick.
And I'm OK but my watch sick, yeah my drop sick, yeah my Glock sick and my knot thick.
I'm it!.
Motherfucker I'm ill!.
.
Yeah.
See...
They say I'm rapping like Big, Jay and Tupac, Andre 3000 where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?.
Who that say they're gonna beat Lil' Wayne.
My name ain't BIC, but I keep that flame man.
Who that one that do that boy?.
You knew that.
True that swallow.
And I be the shit now you got loose bowels.
I don't owe you like two vowels.
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour.
Ha ha, and I'd rather be pushing flowers.
Than to be in the pen sharing showers.
Ha, Tony told us this world was ours.
And the Bible told us every girl was sour.
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower.
Call me MrCarter or MrLawn Mower.
Boy I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowry.
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me.
Motherfucker I say life ain't shit without me.
Chrome lips poking out the coup look like it's pouting.
I do what I do and you do what you can do about it bitch.
I could turn a crack rock into a mountain, dare me.
Don't you compare me 'cause there ain't nobody near me.
They don't see me, but they hear me.
They don't feel me, but they fear me..
I'm illie.
C3.
3 Peat.
Hahahaha


..

